# Worship_Song_Search_Engine

1. About   
Worshiping is an important part in every christian's life and singing worship songs together is more and more becoming a routine in the church life. However, there are a lot of questions the worship leaders need to think of when finding worship songs: if the theme of the song fits in the vibration of that day, if the song has scripture reference, if the song is aligned with the sermon of that day, etc. In this project, a search engine based on scripture references is built, targeting on the church or worship leaders who focus on having worship songs with proper scripture references. The common practice in the church in North America to picking worship songs is still based on the expert knowledge of the worship leaders, which requires them to have a good knowledge on the well-known worship songs and to keep update with new-released albums by different worship ministries. There are some churches using some databases to maintain and record these songs so they can have a plenty of choices. There are some worships search engines that providing theme searching and popular song searching but they usually don't provide the option that people input a verse and output songs related to that verse. In this project, a search engine is built to provide queries based on King James Version of the Bible to give back related worship songs to that verse and similarities generated by a sentence transformer model is used to improve the performance of BM25. The main contribution of this project includes: 1) created a cleaned worship song dataset with the scripture references by web scraping. 2) explored how a pre-trained embedding without fine-tuned with bi-encoder model will help improve the performance of learning to rank model.

2. How to use it   
main.py is used to genrate song_urls_list.json and song.csv, which is raw data from worshiptogether.com. It takes time to run since it is not written in multithread way.
data_preprocessing.ipynb is used to generate cleaned_song.csv, you don't have to run it
Final_project.ipynb contains most of the code for preprocessing and build search engine and has a few requirement library like transformer
The Final_project.ipynb is runned on Google Colab so there may be some different in path
qnum in Final_project.ipynb is used to control how many queries are used as train_valid_test dataset
